Extend documentation for encryption and signing parameters (#3823)
randombit/botan: doc/api_ref/pubkey.rst

.. literalinclude:: /../src/examples/rsa_encrypt.cpp
   :language: cpp

.. _eme:

Available encryption padding schemes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. note::

   Padding schemes in the context of encryption are sometimes also called
   *Encoding Method for Encryption* (EME).

OAEP
""""

OAEP (called EME1 in IEEE 1363 and in earlier versions of the library)
as specified in PKCS#1 v2.0 (RFC 2437) or PKCS#1 v2.1 (RFC 3447).

- Names: ``OAEP`` / ``EME-OAEP`` / ``EME1``
- Parameters specification:

  - ``(<HashFunction>)``
  - ``(<HashFunction>,MGF1)``
  - ``(<HashFunction>,MGF1(<HashFunction>))``
  - ``(<HashFunction>,MGF1(<HashFunction>),<optional label>)``

> - The only Mask generation function available is MGF1 and the default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The only Mask generation function available is MGF1 which is also the default.
```

Author: changed

Botan implements the following signature algorithms:

1. RSA. Requires a :ref:`padding scheme <emsa>` as parameter.
#. DSA. Requires a :ref:`hash function <sig_with_hash>` as parameter.
#. ECDSA. Requires a :ref:`hash function <sig_with_hash>` as parameter.
#. ECGDSA. Requires a :ref:`hash function <sig_with_hash>` as parameter.
#. ECKDSA.
   Requires a :ref:`hash function <sig_with_hash>` as parameter,
   not supporting ``Raw``.
#. GOST 34.10-2001.
   Requires a :ref:`hash function <sig_with_hash>` as parameter.
#. Ed25519. See :ref:`Ed25519_variants` for parameters.
#. SM2.
   Takes one of the following as parameter:

   - ``<user ID>`` (uses ``SM3``)
   - ``<user ID>,<HashFunction>``

#. Dilithium.
   Takes the optional parameter ``Deterministic`` (default) or ``Randomized``.
#. SPHINCS+.
   Takes the optional parameter ``Deterministic`` (default) or ``Randomized``.
#. XMSS. Takes no parameter.

> 

Author: I will update it after this is meged
